Zhu Helai.
Zhu Helai...
Wait, what reason could he have
to take Guangcai away like that?
What reason?
Zhu Helai was assigned
to work in the cafeteria long ago.
Logically,
he shouldn't investigate any case.
Today, he could lead the team
and take Guangcai
from the group's IPO banquet.
He might have some evidence.
Lijun.
Could it because...
Don't panic.
Old matters.
It's time to sort them out.
=The Silent Rift=
=Episode 2=
(I Confess)
The chairman of the listed company
really has strong mental fortitude.
Master, once you left the interrogation
room, he clammed up again.
He's putting on a show there.
On the surface, he seems peaceful.
But inside, he's already in turmoil.
Why?
He still doesn't know
why we brought him in.
He's waiting for us to make the move.
Fine, let him guess.
Take the edge off him.
Master.
We brought him in
based on his son's blood sample.
But the official comparison results
will take seven days.
You know the detention time.
Once it's up,
even if he says nothing,
we have to let him go.
Tomorrow, confirm with Chief Liu
to extend the investigation time.
(Summoned for investigation
for 12 hours)
(Xue Yonghui, Xue Qin's younger brother)
Qin.
Xiaoliang hasn't come home yet.
I asked several classmates,
and none have seen him.
With such a big thing happening,
he must be upset
and went out for a walk.
Xiaoliang is grown up.
He should be back soon.
But you...
Don't worry about me.
I'm just a bit tired.
It's late. You should go home and rest.
Someone's fighting.
Come now.
Let me see.
(Liang Huifen, Zhu Helai's wife)
It's my husband!
- The cops!
- Call the cops!
- Leave!
On our first date,
you got into a fight with some punks.
After many years,
you are still doing so?
Alright.
What have you done?
It happened in front of my supermarket.
What if it didn't?
Stop nagging.
I am just worried about you.
Qianqian is home.
Don't talk about it at home.
Zhu.
I knew you'd come,
but I didn't expect it so soon.
Come in.
Hello, Huifen.
Xue Qin.
Hello, ma'am.
Qianqian is so tall now.
So pretty.
Have you eaten?
- I've eaten.
- Have some.
- I'll change my shoes.
- No need.
It is messy here.
No need. Come in and sit.
Not messy at all.
Come in and sit.
How clean this place is.
Let me get you some water.
No need. I'll do it myself.
Just wait.
Here.
Okay, then you chat.
Just say what you have to say.
Zhu.
All these years,
you've been supporting Meng
and helped him a lot.
The friendship between you two
is more than anything.
I know Guangcai.
In his heart, he's always regarded you
as his big brother.
Don't let reporters hear that.
Otherwise, they will
make headlines out of it.
Those news reports are all fake.
But the friendship
between you two is real.
Running the business is exhausting.
In recent years, his health hasn't been
as good. He always has insomnia
and terrible headaches.
I always advise him
to leave business matters alone.
But he didn't listen to me.
A clear conscience
makes for a broad horizon.
If he hasn't done anything guilty,
he can sleep peacefully.
Caisheng Group has grown
to its current size,
with numerous shareholders.
The interests involved
are extremely complex.
As the chairman,
Guangcai might be targeted.
Others might not know about it,
but I bet you know.
This time, Meng Guangcai
has been brought in by us,
and until a conclusion is reached,
nothing is certain.
Whether it's him or Caisheng Group,
as long as they abide by the law,
the law won't wrong any innocent person.
I'm not here
with any ulterior motive today.
He left in quite a hurry,
and forgot to bring
his regular medication.
Please pass these on to him.
We are closely monitoring
his health condition.
Me accepting these items
violates protocol.
Please take them back.
Okay, I understand.
I shouldn't cause you any trouble.
I'm off now.
Xue Qin.
I understand how you feel,
but it's best to keep a low profile.
No matter what the media reports say,
it won't help him.
Your son Xiaoliang
hasn't been in the best health.
Take care of him
and try to calm him down.
I understand.
Thank you, Zhu.
(Lijun)
Sorry, the subscriber you dialed
is currently unavailable.
Please try again later.
You haven't eaten a bite.
No need.
Just a bite.
No, I have no appetite.
Zhu Helai.
Are you back with the task force?
You went to catch Meng Guangcai?
No, I'm just giving them some advice.
Don't lie to me. Think I don't know?
Then why did Xue Qin come?
Huifen.
Stop that.
Don't you know you're sick?
Don't you know your own condition?
Did those punks pick a fight with you
because of this?
Is it related to this?
- Huifen.
- Are you out of your mind?
No, I absolutely disagree with this.
I need to talk to Liu Hua. You...
(Time of the incident)
(The 6.10 Rural Credit Union Robbery)
Officer Zhu.
Officer Zhu!
He.
Hello, Officer Zhu!
Knife.
Drink it, or I'm leaving.
Come on.
Li.
Knife.
What's with him now?
Officer Zhu.
His condition has worsened lately.
He won't eat or drink.
Knife.
Well, I'll handle it. You can go.
Okay.
Hello, Officer Zhu!
Xu Ming, it's me, Zhu.
Zhu.
We caught the bad guys.
It's okay, you're safe now. Come on.
Come on.
Don't be afraid, come out.
Sit here.
The nurse just told me
you haven't been
eating well lately, right?
Knife.
If you don't eat properly,
I won't come next time.
Here, take a bite. Be good.
You're being a good boy.
I came today
to let you help me identify someone.
Take a look at this.
Do you
recognize this person?
Knife.
Take a careful look, Xu Ming.
Xu Ming.
Knife.
All these years,
and all you can say is "knife".
Can you say something more?
Knife.
Give me some other clue.
- What knife? How long?
- Knife.
Think it over.
Knife...
(Crack down on crime.
Protect the people.)
Chief Liu, I'd like to request
extension of the investigation period.
Put him under residential surveillance.
I know you're under a lot of pressure.
But I still hope
you can give us more support.
Okay.
But I have one condition.
Chief Liu, go ahead.
Transfer Zhu Helai away
from the task force.
Chief Liu, you said it yourself.
He's the one here
who knows this case best.
You agreed to have him assist
with the investigation.
How do you change your mind now?
Transferring him out is to protect him.
Chief Liu.
Don't you know whether the rumors online
and in the papers are true or not?
Captain Zhang.
Stop considering yourself
as Zhu Helai's apprentice.
You're also a police officer.
Chief Liu.
Captain Zhang.
Master.
Chief Liu.
Liu Hua.
What do you want?
About the task force to extend
the investigation period for Guangcai...
I approved it.
You approved it? Then why did
Zhang Wei leave looking so down?
- Transfer you away from the task force.
- Why?
You tell me why?
Look at the rumors online
about this 6.10 case.
Know what they say about you?
Seeking personal revenge.
We got a report last night.
What did you do?
You fought on the street?
What do you want?
You're endangering our image.
Zhu, I'm telling you,
I know what kind of person you are.
But others don't know.
They're trying to smear me,
which proves
our investigation direction is correct.
They just want
to push me out of the task force.
Liu Hua, you can't just call me in
and then kick me out like that.
(Pre-operation mobilization meeting)
Guys, with leadership approval,
(for the 6.10 case task force)
the 6.10 case task force is established.
Zhang Wei will serve
as the head of the task force.
Li Quanyi from Technical Unit
will serve as deputy head.
And Zhu Helai
had been in the Logistics Support.
Today, he officially joins us.
Chief Liu, I object to Officer Zhu
joining the task force.
First, he's been off the front lines
of criminal investigation for long.
Second, he has had contact
with suspects in the 6.10 case.
Given that the 6.10 case
occurred eighteen years ago
and it's been a long time,
and there are many clues,
many of young colleagues
are unfamiliar with this case.
Zhu Helai knows this case best.
Therefore, I've reported this
to the higher-ups.
He will assist us.
Fine, I'll go.
Zhu, listen.
We've been old classmates
for thirty years. Thirty years!
Who has a closer bond than us here?
When housing was allocated,
people were lining up at your door,
desperate to get in.
Did I ever come?
Did I ever use our bond to come?
Five years ago, when I was assigned
to the cafeteria, did I come?
With your conscience,
Liu Unity, think about it.
Sit, Zhu, sit.
Zhu.
You've been tied to this case
for too many years.
Transferring you out
is also to protect you.
I know.
But
I can't let go of the 6.10 case.
Just this once.
Be careful of everything.
Yes, Chief Liu.
I will definitely be careful
and catch all the criminals
under Captain Zhang and Li's leadership
to settle this case.
I kept the hotel room.
The police will think
we're still here for now.
Let's go back to Beiyan during this time
to check things out.
Remember the plan we had?
Lijun, don't worry.
I'm not an idiot.
Are you overestimating Zhu?
Indeed, he was quite impressive before.
But time has changed.
Lijun, given our current status
and position...
Right? Tell me...
Wang Dazhu.
What status and position
do you have now?
If you still act recklessly like before,
even a small mistake
could make all our efforts wasted.
You remember this.
No matter what happens,
you must strictly follow
our previous plan. Understand?
Got it.
Understand?
Yes.
(As the city's most renowned
philanthropist and business star,)
(Meng Guangcai, Chairman
of Caisheng Group, was taken away)
(by police during the strategic
cooperation signing ceremony yesterday.)
(As of the time of report release,)
(relevant authorities haven't announced
if he's involved in criminal offenses.)
Officer.
I confess.
Is this what you confess?
I'm a law-abiding businessman.
You're detaining me
with no proper reason.
I suspect Zhu Helai
retaliates against me
out of personal grudges.
I'm filing a complaint.
I'm complaining now. I demand
you to investigate him thoroughly.
Meng Guangcai.
You are currently
under interrogation and investigation.
You're responsible
for every word you say.
I'm filing a complaint.
Are you shielding him?
You're detaining me without reason.
If anything happens to my health,
you will be held responsible.
He's having a breakdown, isn't he?
He's still putting on an act here.
He must've read
a lot of law books these years.
He's practically semi-professional.
When he first came in,
he wasted time chit-chatting with me.
Now it's been twenty-four hours
and he hasn't been released.
He's forcing us to show our evidence.
Captain Li, stop holding back.
Play your cards.
So you're worked up
just to find out
about the evidence, isn't it?
I can tell you.
Evidence related to you was found
at the scene of the 6.10 case.
Evidence related to me?
If you had evidence,
would Zhu Helai only arrest me today?
would you still be
beating around the bush here?
I suspect you're bluffing me.
When will his blood test result be out?
The official report
will still take a few days.
Even when the report's out,
we can't show it to him.
We need him to confess himself.
He doesn't know what evidence we have.
He's clinging to hope.
After all these years,
you're still fixated on this case.
Since you care so much about this case,
as a law-abiding citizen,
I can do my duty
and provide you with some leads.
Didn't you hear those rumors back then?
Rumors? What rumors?
After the robbery in 1993,
Beiyan newspapers
were flooded with reports.
Wanted posters were plastered
all over the streets.
You police kept questioning people.
The entire construction site
was thrown into chaos.
Actually, people back then speculated
that under such intense situation,
anyone went missing at that time
must be related to the robbery.
And as expected,
two people went missing.
Both were locals.
One was named Zuo Long,
the other one was Ma Zhongwu.
Haven't you heard that rumor?
So you're confessing your accomplices
to seek leniency, aren't you?
Let me reiterate.
I have nothing to do with the robbery.
We've had files on both individuals
mentioned by Meng Guangcai.
Zuo Long, male,
born in Xiguan Town in 1957.
(The 6.10 City Credit Union Robbery)
Later he settled in Shaguai Village,
Magou Town, running a mining plant.
He was sent to reform
for two years in 1989,
and then he disappeared
after release in Beiyan in 1991.
If involved in the robbery,
he was 36 years old then.
Ma Zhongwu, male, born in 1964.
His parents worked
for Beiyan Machinery Factory.
Fired from the factory in 1991
for intentional assault,
he disappeared after 1993.
If involved in the robbery,
he was 29 years old then.
According to eyewitness testimony,
there were three robbers at the scene.
Could it be Zuo Long,
Ma Zhongwu, and Meng Guangcai?
Meng Guangcai refused to admit
he was involved in the robbery,
and even threw out
a smokescreen to test us.
That just shows he's guilty.
He had another purpose
for throwing out that smokescreen.
It was to cover for other suspects.
Jiao Lijun and Wang Dazhu
had followed him around.
If they weren't involved,
I wouldn't buy it.
Rest assured. Both Jiao Lijun
and Wang Dazhu are under watch,
and won't get away.
But we can't let our guard down
with the list
the suspect provided.
You've been investigating
this case since 1993.
Any rumors back then?
Ma Zhongwu was
a well-known troublemaker back then.
Lots of rumors about him.
And when Zuo Long
went missing,
I looked into it too.
(Police Station in Magou Town,
Beiyan County, 1991)
Stop crying.
Why did the police call us here?
Help find him.
We've been looking for months
and haven't found him.
That's why they called us here.
Stop crying.
How could he just disappear like that?
They'll help us. Don't cry.
Officer, you have to help us find him.
(Zuo Long's wife)
Stop crying.
(Zuo Long's brother-in-law)
He's not dead. Why are you crying?
You're that Zhu guy?
I'm Zhu Helai. What is it?
Officer.
Alright.
Zuo Long disappeared
after leaving the police station.
He never came home. You're responsible.
After he went missing,
we've been searching
since we got the report.
We'll notify you of any updates.
Calm down!
He said he had a grudge against you.
Did he contact you before disappearing?
Alright.
That's a pointless question!
If he contacted us,
why did we have to come here?
Besides, finding people is your job.
I'm speaking with Zuo Long's
immediate family right now.
Could you step aside?
What did you say?
He said he knew you.
You locked him up
to get revenge for your subordinate.
I'm warning you, watch your language.
Language?
Come on. Lock me up too.
Lock me up.
Brother, what are you doing?
Listen.
You will take full responsibility
for his disappearance.
You're accountable.
No matter he is alive or dead,
bring him to us.
Understand?
By the way,
about his mine.
You owe us an explanation!
Give us an answer!
- This is a police station.
- Heard me?
Watch your behavior.
Police's hitting me!
- What's wrong?
- Police's hitting me!
What's wrong, Zhu?
Police's hitting me!
Zhu, this guy is troublesome.
Go ahead, I'll handle this.
You just got transferred.
Don't let this affect you. Go.
Police's hitting me!
Yang Banzui,
you don't even recognize me?
Get up!
You hear me?
Yang Erwan, get up!
I'll get up, so what?
What? Is this your house?
This is a police station.
So what?
I'm a frequent visitor here.
Let me tell you.
Don't mess around
with such a hairstyle and flashy shirt.
Stand properly! You hear me?
(Century Video Theater)
Come again.
Alright.
Qin.
Zhu, what brings you here?
I saw quite a few people
coming and going.
Business seems good.
But it doesn't concern me.
I'm just working here.
Qin, Guangcai is working in Beiyan.
You have to take care
of Yonghui and Principal Chen.
How heavy a burden.
Listen to me. Don't reject me.
Take this money.
I can't take it, Zhu.
You're living a hard time.
With meager wage,
you can't keep helping us out.
Don't reject me.
Right now, I have enough money to use.
When you're better off
and making it big,
then you pay me back. Just take it.
Don't reject me. Take it.
Sit, Zhu.
Out of water here.
I'll get you some water.
Qin.
Don't bother. I just have
a couple of questions for you.
What is it, Zhu?
Sit here.
Have some water.
No rush.
Just some questions, then I'll be off.
Have some water. It's raining.
Qin.
When was the last time you saw Zuo Long?
I haven't seen him since you sent him
off for reform through labor.
Qin.
You see a lot of people here, so you
must hear more news than I do.
Have you heard anyone
talking about Zuo Long's disappearance?
Take your time. Think it over.
Tell me if you heard anything.
I don't want him missing.
I want him dead.
You, teach them how ticks crawl.
Crawl over there.
Then I'll let them all go.
Hurry up.
I want him dead.
Qin.
Zhu, I don't want
to talk about him anymore.
You should ask someone else.
The fact that you couldn't find out
doesn't mean we can't find out now.
Now that Ma Zhongwu
was involved in the rumors back then.
Zuo Long and Meng Guangcai
were from the same hometown.
Then the credibility
of this lead is very high.
What now? Just let it sit?
No investigation?
Wait, Captain Li, don't rush.
No matter how the case
was investigated back then,
re-investigation won't hurt.
Keep a close watch on Wang and Jiao.
And Zuo and Ma can't be overlooked.
Well, Captain Li, you take
Liang to Shaguai Village.
Yes.
Zhou, you come with me.
Get ready. Let's head out.
- Excuse me, police.
- Hello.
Is this Building 6, Unit 2?
Yes.
We'd like to know something.
Have you seen this man?
Hello.
Hello, ma'am.
Are you Ma Zhongwu's mother?
That's Zuo Long.
You know him?
Yes, I know him.
Have you seen him recently?
No.
- He hasn't been back for long.
- When was the last time you saw him?
Too long ago, I don't remember.
Thanks.
Ma'am, no need to see us out.
Thanks for your cooperation.
We might need to come again.
Alright.
Dazhu, the police came looking
for Ma Zhongwu's mom.
(1991)
Principal Chen.
Zhu.
Mr. Chen, Officer Zhu is here.
Please sit.
Officer Zhu, come.
- Just sit.
- Don't bother.
I just came to see you.
Since you moved to town,
I haven't been able to visit much.
When I go to Beiyan later,
I'll have even less time to visit.
Officer Zhu, you're too polite.
I know you've always been
helping Guangcai out.
It's only right.
You care for him
like your own younger brother.
Zhu, have some water.
Thanks, Yonghui.
Principal Chen.
I came to ask you about Zuo Long.
Do you have any records here?
Just a moment.
Take your time.
I'll do it. I'll look through it myself.
Last year,
I was still the security director.
I recorded everything.
Yes, I know.
But Principal Chen,
you should get your eyes checked.
Don't delay it.
I'm truly holding Guangcai back.
Since my eyesight worsened,
he has insisted on bringing me to town.
He went to work at construction sites
to earn money
and had Qin stay to care for me.
When I mentioned Zuo Long to Qin,
she was still emotionally unstable.
After Zuo Long harassed her last time,
she's kept all her pain bottled up.
But villagers love to gossip.
Though she didn't complain,
with those people there,
Qin has to remain in this town.
We avoid mentioning it around her.
=The Silent Rift=